Okay, hey guys, what's up, what's up? Let's
watch this live stream. It's totally
improvised, okay, totally unexpected. It
welcomed me here tonight while I'm
working in Valencia. Today, maps are something that really, really, really annoys me
and that is that at night I have the
root schedule and ximo, I have the schedule that I
have, this is the [ __ ], I'm never
able to fix it, okay, because if I
fix it one day by waking up in the
morning, then in the end it ended up costing me really
late and I get up at 4, I
get up. Well, today what happened to me is that I
got up at 5 in the afternoon and I
woke up with an incredible headache. I
had so many things to do, I
couldn't do anything all afternoon and
now when it came to me at
night, I'm doing things, okay, what I
wanted to have done today, well, today I
wanted to have recorded a video
for the main channel that I'm working on, okay, I'm
going to make a video
explaining well
how the world works, no, and because the
world is against the influences,
no, how the world of conventional media works,
I'm not here asking for
information and such and I have  I remembered I didn't
remember that I had to talk
about this topic what happened with Game
Stop Robin Hood and the American stock market and
with all the fuss about this two and
with the two Jet Coins I don't know how it
happens it was there no or where I don't know
how you guys say it okay but
basically it's a coin a crypt
coin with the name of the prt this one of the
babies no
well I imagine that you've heard about
the subject these days
because it causes slack like Game Stop
well this is a company ok the
New York Stock Exchange is trading at 325 right now
but it's been a week ago
well here it was already high okay here it was already
high it
was trading here
around 17 less than 20 less than 20
dollars
ok less than 20 dollars ok and it's done like this
in a week
well now it's at 325 but it was
almost 500 the other day at 500
the training at 490 and something at 490
and something gone ok it's to teachers well
everything that I left I see it
[Music]
is what it is a coin is worth a crypt
coin
that I think is like two years old things that are
always renewable or so like it's not worth it wasn't worth even a
seventh I think it's not worth even
a cent right now it's at two
cents but it reached eight
cents a billion the other day at
dawn okay
what is this due to well explained could you
imagine imagining a person
take it so you buy more shares
churra greetings thanks major let's see I
have bought obviously I bought a
little bit very little money here in two
vouchers today just in case the fig falls okay and
here yes I put
a little money okay it's a little money but it's
money as long as you know that you're not
going to miss it or so when you're
money to take it out because you lost money that
you don't mind losing okay then
if you lose it then you lose it because then
the hare jumps out hey well it's
successful but I put a
little money here
like to get it out quickly this this
company is not worth this the shares not a
chance like for  get it out quickly because
I think that on Monday or Tuesday there could be
a spike okay there could be a
spike t this is super volatile okay I mean
this is not the normal price a
normal stock in any market
whether it's the Ibex or today in New York
okay a normal stock that's doing
well I mean on a day that's doing well a
stock might go up 2% on a
good day a good day maybe it's going up
2% getting into this rise of 60 a
100 or for example two and the other day it
went up the same day 900 percent I
mean this is not normal because I don't
understand the market I'm just explaining stop it's
[ __ ] crazy imagine a person
who bought like at 20 30 40
dollars
valença for a person who
spent a thousand would have put in a thousand euros
when it was at 40 dollars
well now they have 100,000
not 100 thousand 210 thousand
ten thousand ten thousand
10,000
if they buy it  at 40 if you buy it at 40
dollars and now attack without 400, well if you
've spent a thousand euros then now you have
10,000 of course but imagine a person
who puts in 5,000 10,000 20,000 no because
normally the one who puts money into these
in the stock market you can't put in a plan to
buy a share you can't be good you
can do it they let you buy whatever
you want but you don't see the color
because between what they charge you in
commission and then what the
treasury would be or in other words a plan that at least I
see that when you are going to invest in a plan
if it is for a long term or empty or
medium term the logical object is at least
five thousand euros 55 thousand euros
that you are not going to need and you know that you will
never need it, then put it
in a company but of course we don't start
fundamentals this company is not worth 325
dollars a share not even close to it is worth it does
not cost what it cost before it
was very undervalued but it does not cost
400 dollars
in fact a guy supposedly  Of course,
calmly, I mean, and this is going to
explain what happened. This was a
company, Gamestop. Well, here you see the
photos, not like the one that was, like
Game, the game here in Spain, okay, it's
a city like Vigo, so this is a
company that was already on the verge of bankruptcy,
okay, there are people who say that it is
doomed to bankruptcy simply because of the format,
then, for example,
Blockbuster, Blockbuster was a video store
here called My House, there was a huge one
20 years ago, okay, obviously it has
gone bankrupt, well, they are still, they
are still trading,
Blockbuster, I think, in fact, but it was a
video club that not
only had movie rentals but they
had more things, no more
buying and selling items and nonsense, not geeky stuff
that was a real success in the 90s, they
were one of the biggest, biggest companies there was,
okay, but for
example, in Stop, yes, in the world
of video games, now a lot of
games are bought online and a lot of them are bought,
but I see that it is not known,
apparently there was this girl, the company, in
fact, they have had to close thousands of
stores because it is going
badly, okay, but  I don't think it's because of the
format, I mean, everyone has to
adapt. The game store, the game store
is going great in Spain, what
they have to do is put an
online store, game formats to buy
digital games, they don't reinvent themselves,
but I think that now they should take
advantage of what has happened, that it has been
found for free, you see,
and do something so that the company is
the [ __ ] [ __ ]. Well, the bottom line is this
is a company that was going to go bankrupt, okay, I mean, it
was about to go to
hell and the stock market price,
okay,
when you invest in the stock market you can buy
shares
and then Méndez makes a profit and
sells them for more, okay, like in
reality, the city and invest for the long
term, okay, like you invest today
to forget about money, in five years,
in ten years, in 15 years, and in 15 years,
maybe you will have double or
triple what you invested, okay,
but a solid company, I insist, this is not
worth it, this is a bubble, they are
Russian roulette, right now it is right now in the
casino, braverosa, this  look the other day the
day that I bought it which was
Thursday
well I saw them on the same
day it
went from costing something like two hundred
and something to four hundred and ninety something in
two minutes it dropped to 112 my heart
guys that's bad for the heart
valuable what you have to have a
super cold mind that it's money that you
give up on okay and don't sell it
when you see it when you see that it's there
are people who when they
see that they've already lost half the money
that they invested they get sick they get all
upset and sell it so they do
n't lose any more they sell it but that's a
trap okay because what they do
a lot of times is scare you into
selling it and it goes up again
okay it seems like it's money that does
n't count but it's like Russian roulette anyway this
isn't normal okay way I was looking
in the afternoon it started at something like two hundred and
something for a few minutes it was
four hundred and something okay four hundred and
ninety something it got low up to
okay and then it started going up again
until it stayed at three hundred
and  peak okay I mean the heart has already been there
an elderly person like me can't stand this it's
not normal okay what I want to
explain is that this is not normal
what has happened that when you
invest like I explained you can
buy and then sell when it's more
expensive or maybe you lose it okay to have to
lose it when they sell it cheaper you don't
have losses and here what happens is
that there are also investment funds there are no
companies and brokers also
individuals who invest in the downside
they do what is called in the market they are
called shorts and you say that they are the
shorts because you can also earn money
with the stock market when it goes down okay I mean just like you
have placed bets that it's going to go up you
can also earn money when it's going to go
down okay how is this done well look that's
called it's called investing in shorts
how do I explain it to you in a
super easy way okay it's like if you take
and a friend of yours lends you a new video game
okay and that video game is worth 100
euros it's a new video game who
lends you a play game they
lend it to you and you take the game from your
friend and sell it to someone
at the price it's at  100 bucks and
next month the game goes down and is worth 50
and then you take it you buy it at 50 and you
give it back to your friend who
lent it to you you've made 50 euros in
profit well that's more or less what is
done in shorts ok as if these
people well in fact these people
sort of borrow the shares at
a price they are selling them and then they
return them when they are low
then they take the profits
what happens to explain it like this
very very very simple very simple
when there are a lot of people betting on the
fall the price drops and if there are
a lot of people buying investing in the
company
good churra here a few humble pesos
to annoy the poor faces
smiling with horns faces smiling
with horns thank you very much to golden
when a lot of people are putting in
a lot of money okay like
and money has been put in there are a lot of people
buying the stock but when I say
a lot of people it is when they are entering
when they are buying there are millions there
are millions of euros and they are worth millions
of dollars millions of euros lares
a lot of people  buying ok what
happens well what happens is that the
stock goes up then it turns out to be true a
group of investors who were in the
red forum and that you all know that
reding not many youtubers start to
react to things in reviews and so on okay what they do what they
did was that
thousands and thousands of kids got together
because they are kids you know
thousands and thousands of kids between
twenty and thirty and some years old and they
bought en masse ok
they bought en masse but it's crazy but it's
crazy like putting money into it
oceans of thousands of euros that they saved or
putting money into it that's crazy and then the
stock there was little bit it started to go up
okay that added to the fact that all the
media okay well they
started to echo that something
was happening here that this was
tightening okay what was the
media saying well the media is
saying that it was the work of the
trama fanatics it's a lot of people the desire to
bankrupt the
wall street speculators is greater than the desire to
get rich selling their shares
of course but it was greater as
it was being like  He always applied by
speaking but basically if he started
appearing in the media also saying that they
were fans of Donald Trump and then
saying strange things, okay,
when he took over the media
the topic became more viral, this during
the last week, okay, when the topic became
more viral, one day it came that was Thursday, okay, well, Thursday, Thursday
morning, Wednesday, okay, after the
Wednesday night session and such,
okay, Thursday, Wednesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, the entire planet was
talking about this, okay, the entire planet,
India, Russia, Spain, Great Britain, all of
Europe, the Arabs, the Arabs are
investors, there are investors that you flip out about,
okay, they messed up, they messed up more,
then on Thursday at the opening,
okay, Thursday at the opening it was
going to shoot up, okay, I was, I don't
remember when it was, Thursday, when it was
going to open,
if at 347, okay,
well, this would have reached a thousand dollars
directly, okay, or it would have reached a
thousand dollars, which is what happens, the
majority, well, the majority, if not to
say it, one hundred percent, but let's say the
vast majority of people who were
shorting this company were
big millionaires, okay, big
millionaires, who are the  owners of
investment funds in America or that there are
very important people when you
have the same you hire
investment funds in the bank okay or
pension plans things like that
where does that money come from I can't use it
I'm putting in every month or
maybe method ten thousand euros and when I
'm 65 it
's
20,000 okay where does that profit come from that
you take from the pension plan to the
investment fund because the bank
while you have lent it the money it
's playing with it in the market okay
then of course what's happening because they
were betting short at full speed and if
the shorts get screwed and those who are
betting short lose money those
investment funds and those millionaires would
go to hell
what happened or tripling it
as simple as possible okay because I know that it
's a topic that everyone knows has
happened this
week there are many people who are interested in knowing what happened well what happened was that several applications started thanks to it they started great several the main applications on the mobile to buy okay Robin Hood is the main one with which everyone buys here in  Europe doesn't work Robin
Hood here in Europe you have to
buy with others okay I have it I
bank myself same way my bank
lets me buy points I don't need a fact
but I do need to write coins if you
need others okay and the best that I've
seen so far and found is
Finance ok so Robin Hood and other
applications started to [ __ ] face
to eliminate Gamestop from the application and
that they couldn't be bought
okay that they couldn't be bought
what is it what is it that they did with
that when they prohibited the purchase they only
allowed the sales when they prohibited the
purchase what they did is stop the
price and lower
it something that is obviously illegal I mean let's see if you sit let's see there are people who say that the stock is manipulated not because the kids have agreed to buy it and then they have manipulated the stock because buying en masse they have raised the price well but the fact is that there is
nothing illegal like I can
take here with all my people and tell
other worlds hey kids let's
all buy the dow
crypto currency let's support this
company come on let's support double  the
currency to be the currency of the future
that I see is very good twice as
bad as it is, so those people
want to organize and all en masse to
support a company, those
are the rules of the game, okay,
when they saw that the millionaires were
going to hell, they went and
prohibited the purchase of shares,
ourselves, and a lot of applications
have focused
on Robin Hood, ironic the name is not Robin
Hood, the one who is supposed to be
a person who stole from the rich to
give to the poor, they couldn't and with
the name not Robin Hood, cheating, there
is a collective complaint,
thousands of people have organized to
denounce Robin Hood
and then they said that they were going to
allow me to make purchases, of course another one comes out,
all the doctors who faced a
plan to not ruin the millionaires,
someone but a phone call and prohibited
the purchases
and not only did they prohibit the purchases, there were
people on Twitter saying that they were
making unauthorized sales, they show them
to the application's face, they were
only selling shares,
okay, incredible and that is basically
what happened, ok, that is basically what
happened, it has been discovered once
again  corruption corruption and
shamelessness okay the market is supposed to
have rules but if playing the
same game
those rules are detrimental to them they
manipulate okay and I already said this on Thursday
look at Thursday's session it was
the web session this look okay at
Thursday's session it was this was [ __ ]
crazy okay it shot up it
started here at 265 pink it shoots up to well
continue for more here it's not
going well because now it must be at
480 and something and then it had around here it gave me
a peak of 4 90 and something again but
well look here it shows 4 out of 69 and
when they prohibited the when they prohibited the
purchases it almost went to 132 it didn't go
down to 160 it has marked us well
so it's because they were smaller that they are
worth more days but it reached 112
112 because first the purchase if they hadn't
prohibited the purchases and started to get
involved this on Thursday would
have perfectly touched I don't know if
2010 and 2000 but the
600 and something 700 for sure most certainly
mine  I see it, I didn't see it as impossible, they're not
going to let it go anymore. I've
put in money because I think that the
same thing has to be
invested. Well, no, I don't
like it for sure because I don't
understand much. What happens is that I'm just
messing around here, you know, and reading a
lot and such. No, then seeing how
this works, seeing how what happens
here, seeing how it has worked, look,
something happened to me ten years ago, two or twelve
years ago, okay, and it was this. Not
many are going to know about it, but well, those who
like the history of the stock market and so on,
here in Spain looked at something called
the map m a b, okay, the alternative stock market
and there were some companies, it's good, let's
see, the sea was like the Ibex, but
smaller companies, okay, then there was
a company that was called something,
well, almost all the companies were in
the sea, they were going up in value, several
went from being worth two euros
to twenty euros, but that's how people go about
putting in money and earning thousands and thousands
and thousands of euros a day, we're going
crazy, okay, what happened? Gowex was
the most popular, okay, that was
truly crazy, this was in the
2000 I don't remember exactly what year it was, I was already with my wife this would be 2011 2012 maybe or around there it would be ok I don't remember well but around there okay and then the a-6 or popular the gowex thing everyone on twitter web
up as they are now with the double
comment on twitter is taking
saying which side that cohen goes to
the moon a rocket it's because of these accounts they
come out to encourage people to
buy for all of you who are watching
on twitter right now whatever the
moon comes to the dollar
gamestop at a thousand dollars I don't know that
all these or accounts that are created the
same people who are promoting this
so that people buy mass okay
when the gowex thing happened and there were even
people who recommended their relatives to
buy and at the school gates they
also went to the mothers among themselves
and it becomes crazy crazy
crazy what happens is not the same
case in fact it can stick because what happened is that on
top of the fact that the pp was going up
but I was going up like 10%  day it's
crazy 5% minimum a day
10% a day I mean you put in maybe a
thousand euros and turned it into
10,000 or 15,000 or 20,000 euros a month okay I
mean I earned a lot of money and then I
lost it all something to explain why going up going up up going up
and
now on top of that the results came out that are
presented every quarter
the companies present a result and on the
day of the results if the results
are good okay if they are better than
expected if they are better than expected
because there are people who estimate I don't know how much
this is worth by tripling it as stupidly and
simple as possible okay if the results
are more than expected normally the
stock goes up that day well it turns out
that every time they presented results
the stock went look let's see if it
appears that gowex
is suspended okay it was crazy
okay it was crazy every time they
presented the results the
results were great or went up more went
up more what happened when
the norm well how many months no
suddenly I remember it was from a Friday
to a  Monday Sunday it appears on
television that the owner of Gowex has been arrested
and in this company
Ana Botella was supporting him even though it was
a company that wasn't [ __ ] [ __ ] it was
a wifi company and they were supposed to
put free wifi throughout the
country it fed me because it goes up so much
in the company there was
no basis whatsoever okay there
was no basis whatsoever because it actually
came out on TV that they
had stopped the payment I don't know
how many more people because they are falsifying
the results they had to present the
evidence the reports I don't know what and they
had falsified them apparently and the
results they were presenting
weren't the real ones so what happened that they
took the Ibex and suspended the listing
of Gowex and everyone who was
involved there got trapped okay I
got trapped there well I have
like five thousand euros trapped there that I
'll never see why they are
look this is the time
let's see it
sometimes you can see it in 2014 it was this
in 2014
but here we have the time well look
for example this kind January 2014
look at 13 euros okay well look  how it
went from 20 to 25 okay up to 25 it
reached 25 okay
and they
started to see strange things people don't
stay longer bureau that at some point they decided to
investigate and they are
suspended at zero okay zero right now
at zero
I would have many times from the beginning
a year
maximum jail technical traffic
gowex excluded forever from the
alternative stock market okay look at
wikipedia you can see this story
here the 4 years of vertigo
I want to see the price at which
the IPO started it was at a price of
350 euros
can you do the math if you buy
twenty thousand euros or thirty thousand euros
like a lot of people bought okay
at three euros and then it cost almost 30 I
can do it calculate how much money
people made the one who knew how to get out in
time so
right now I have the money
stuck in the [ __ ] in the game
stop not because I think it's going to go up
because it's worth it or anything but because I
think that Monday to Tuesday it will make a
strange movement and I will be able to
sell it at 400 to 500 or even 600  I
think at around 500 I'll be able to
understand it, I'll take it out, I'll take that money
and I'll take it out and I'll never step on one of these again, no
way, you know, or maybe I'll
lose it, maybe it's Monday, so it goes to
200, it goes to 100 and I'll lose half of it, quietly,
well, it's money
that I don't need and I put it in there and hey, if it
goes well, then I'll
win, right? And what about the Dow, well, maybe
this isn't worth it, okay, don't be like,
if the money that you want to invest,
money that you're going to need and all that, it's not
worth it back here, I've put in 200 euros
just in case, politically,
imagine if they really go crazy and
put this in, they take it to the dollar, so instead
of 200 euros, well, I'll have a thousand in 2002, we
'll see,
basically that's worth [ __ ]
crazy, I don't think it'll fall
to what it was before because it's
not worth 40 dollars either, okay, but don't
be under pressure, that's normal, okay, this is
super inflated, okay,
but it's going to  hit
a rebound a rebound me and another to
hit you know a rebound Assyrians and that it's going
to hit and then it goes to hell
and when it goes to hell I'm going to
hell well there are going to be people who are going to be
left with nothing because it's not going to be
like the Titanic or I mean this this
literally gamestop the same as 12 worth
that titan and okay now you're going to get
on the ship you know the trip is going to be
fun ok but you already get on
knowing that it's going to crash into the
iceberg ok then you already get on
thinking about the lifeboat what's going on you have to
be attentive
because there aren't boats for everyone
ok there aren't boats for everyone so this is the
best thing is Monday or Tuesday and step on
the 400 and some things and take it out and see you
later okay if you want to invest look at a
company that is stable with a foundation
that has a future you have to look at the
results and it's growing how much value it
has anyway